You: Good morning, everyone. I have some news to share.
Shannon has asked that we link retirement data to the system, and
I’d like to discuss your thoughts on how we can get this done.
Leo: Well, this is a surprise.
At this late stage, I’m not sure how we’d be able to get it done.
We’d have to do some major re-work on the System to do what she’s asking.
Claire: I agree. To accommodate this new addition, we will end up
compromising the quality of the System in the end.
You: OK, I know you all have been working hard as it is to meet the deadline.
It sounds like time is the biggest issue here.
What if we loaded the retirement data at a later date?
Leo: Well, sure, that wouldn’t be a problem.
We need to focus all of our attention on getting the system up and running,
but once it’s launched, we’ll have all the time we need to phase in extra data.
You: OK. I’ll propose that we phase the retirement data into the system
at a later date. If you could prepare a brief justification for this new
phased approach, along with a modified project plan including new dates for
the retirement data addition, I’ll have everything I need to make the case.
Leo: Sounds like a plan.